Docs 08282024 (#45)
maffettone/erobs: docs/State_flow.md

# State Transition in pdf_beamtime

### Bluesky Mapping

The top level tasks are issued via Bluesky commands which are mapped to a ROS2 action server. Below image maps the Bluesky commands to their respective behavior at the action client side. 

<img src="./images/pdf_beamtime_arch_bluesky_logic.png" alt="Bluesky Command Mappings to Actions" width="800">

### Finite State Machine

The finite state machine handles the state transitions for each of the 'goals' sent via the action server.

<img src="./images/pdf_beamtime_arch_overall_fsm.png" alt="Finite State Machine" width="1500">

### Inner State Machine

> Each of the states in the Finite State Machine has 6 sub-states. These sub-states details out the fine-grain bahavior in each of the states. Below image is the state transition diagram for each sub-state (inner states)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the states in the Finite State Machine has 6 sub-states. These sub-states detail the fine-grain bahavior in each of the states, and enable the interaction with the Bluesky `RunEngine` [process controls and interruptions](http://blueskyproject.io/bluesky/main/state-machine.html#interruptions). The image below shows the state transition diagram for each sub-state (inner states).
```
